All right.
Welcome back my students.
So what is the next step that we have here.
Well the next step is to create post-ride.
Right now we don't have that page though that's where we get a custom 404 page.
All right.
You can however let them actually make our custom page a little bit better real quick.
And that's why you can't miss a lecture.
You see that I'm showing you something else.
All right.
So let's go to our errors for four Bage.
We're going to extend this to be like the home page.
So they are words
that this is section
can do this.
And here we can say we can get a little class of that center and we can say oops something like this
little page available and we can put the lingo back to where wherever you came from.
All right cool.
So for example if we try that again.
Whoops.
And no age of any white thing this looks a little better right.
OK.
All right.
Let's go here.
All right so the next step for us is for you to get Polsce right to create Polsce.
So let's go to AB.
We don't have a controller for it yet.
We don't have routes for it yet.
So we need to create all that.
All right.
We don't have any models for it yet.
So let's start by defining the route.
Let's go and do this real quick here.
So the polls are going to be available for admin users for now.
All right well admin is always going to be this is going to be out in force.
So this is only going to be available for admen later on.
We're going to make some posts available for authors or something like that.
Hopefully later on in the application if we get to that.
So this is going to be admin Polsce
controller.
Let's go ahead and create I can show the real quick BHB admin.
I mean areason make controller
and we are in a creator with a resource.
Let's name it admin pose controller.
OK I'll just clear this out.
I got to do my synchronizer Asian.
You guys don't have to do that.
Probably but I do.
All right there we go.
Make sure that you do your your good your version control good for your user section because your user
section is working.
Right guys.
One thing that I want to do also here is that we should actually have some type of feature here where
we can click if you're logged in and you are an admin and you can do that yourself.
You would display here a link where you can click on and go to admin.
All right that's a super use for us.
Yes you do that if you see a wrong in my application it's because I already did that.
And you should know how to do that.
All right.
Anyway let's create some links here so it takes us to where we need to go.
But let's actually that's annoying.
So routes.
All right.
We have the home controller right here.
I mean the impulse controller let's just define this for a quick return you to Addleman that pulls and
it's let's go there let's do that real quick.
Ray buse man the pose this in its stance and layouts and you see how easy this starts getting.
All right because it's going to be very similar stuff on what you've done before.
All right that's the beauty of doing it.
Doing this with blade.
All right.
And pose.
So now if for some reason we go out in pools it should be available.
There we go.
OK.
Let's actually fix this links here so that we can have that working.
Let's go to layouts in Blaye.
Let's go down to where he says spokes and we can add a row actually function the route and man that
posts that it's cool.
Same thing here.
So route
that create beautiful.
All right let's go and do the same thing for create that we did for here and this should do that.
And
on it it was just going to say it's post
and then create create post
refresh whole posts create post.
But we don't have any don't create pools.
For some reason
OK the reason why that's not working is because we haven't set it up here yet.
So we're going to a lot of copy and pasting here and modify these a little.
There we go create bowls.
There we go working.
All right so we go route's working.
Our files are working.
Now we've got to build the functionality behind the scenes right the database stuff.
So we get to target that later.
Take care.
It was a pleasure.
And hopefully you got this done.
If not we watched the video super simple Bebai